Measurement Technique (20 Points)
+10 REPORT shows results for TCP and UDP tests.
+10 The test results show at least method, buffer size, and elapsed time.

Code Function and Results (50 Points)
+25 The code implements complete TCP (13) and UDP (13) transactions, where
    the receiver does in fact read all of the data being sent. 
+15 Various buffer sizes are tested within the given range.
+10 The programs are invoked with the specified arguments. 

Commentary (30 Points)
+15 The student observes the general throughput grow as buffer size increases
+10 The student reflects on the difference between the UDP and TCP performance 
    and postulates the reason. (correct or not)
+5  The observations are at least marginally correct or insightful, and the data
    which they were made upon was not flawed by the program or measurement. 



(Colin) I petition a wide range of acceptable solutions. A student's implementation 
and outside factors may influence their results. 

I believe an acceptable solution should meet these general requirements:
    - There is TCP and UDP data being sent with a nontrivial range of buffer sizes.
    - The programs are not stuck blocking. eg. The length of the message is communicated. 
    - The student records the results and attempts to draw a conclusion about them, correct or not. 


Example Grade File Template:

Assignment 2 - Networking

Measurement Technique (20 points)
------------------------------------------------
+20 TCP and UDP results are shown with required fields. 

Code Function and Results (50 points)
-------------------------
-8 Only half of the specified range of buffer sizes was used in the tests.
-10 The UDP server does not ack the recieved data, therefore the client side measurement completes early.
-10 The server arguments include a hostname which is not necessary.

Commentary (30 points)
--------------------------------
+30 Observations were made about the results, though incorrect. 

While your results show UDP to be highly performant, the reason was a flaw in the measurement. Generally we 
should observe UDP to struggle at small buffer sizes with TCP being less affected since the OS does not have 
mechanisms to cache and combine UDP packets. They are genuinely being sent one at a time. Depending on your 
implementation for TCP it may have allowed the OS to fill a buffer with multiple packets and send them at once. 

Total: 85
